README.md, before:

# UW Stout CS 343 2D Project Base
#### A codebase for building the projects assigned in CS 343, Mathematical Foundations of Computer Graphics, at the University of Wisconsin Stout.

## Features
- ESLINT with JavaScript Standard Style configuration
- Latest generation of JavaScript "transpiled" to browser JS (ES5) (via [Babel](https://babeljs.io))
- Browsers synchronize and hot-reload as you make changes (via [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io))
- Module JavaScript that is re-targeted to a web browser env (via [webpack](https://webpack.js.org))
- Packaging and loading of Bootstrap, jQuery, & nanoGL (via [webpack](https://webpack.js.org))
- Pre-configured 'deploy' target to minify and uglify your JavaScript

# Setup
The basic steps for utilizing this repository:

## 1. Clone the repo and pick a Tag:

Navigate into your workspace directory and clone the repo with git:

```
git clone https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack.git .
```

Switch to the tag that matches the project you want to work on:

```
git checkout <tagname>
```

See the [github website](https://github.com/UWStout/gfx-2d-base/tags) for lists of accepted tagnames.

## 2. Install node.js and npm:

Download and run the LTS version available from https://nodejs.org/en/

## 3. Install dependencies:

Navigate to the repo directory and run:

```
npm install
```

If this is not the first time you have run 'npm install' or if you have just switched
tags, it is a good idea to remove the previously installed dependencies first:

```
rm -rf node_modules/
```

Note, yarn is also supported.

# Working on the Code

While working on the project, you should first run the development server.  Change to
the code repo directory and run:

```
npm run dev
```

This will compile the JavaScript files and package them into 'dist/bundle.js'. It will
also run a local web server on port 3000. Lastly, it opens 'localhost:3000' in your
default web browser.

You can open and edit the files in the project base in your favorite text/code editor
(Atom is recommended) and the changes will be automatically reflected in the browser.
If you accidentally close the browser or if you want to open it in a different browser
or have multiple versions open at once, just type 'localhost:3000' into the browser
address bar to talk to the local server.

# Keeping the Browser in Sync

A program called browsersync is used to automatically sense the changes you make and
hot-load them into your running browser or automatically reload the browser.  However,
there are some changes that will cause the browser to get out of sync:

* If you have the developer console open in the browser then it may not refresh automatically.  Just refresh manually when this happens.
* If there is an error in your JavaScript that causes the browser to halt it may not automatically refresh until you fix the code and do a manual refresh.
* If you make changes to HTML or CSS code it will NOT automatically refresh, only JS code.
* If the 'dev' server is not running (e.g. you forgot to run 'npm run dev') it will not refresh.

## Build for deployment:

When you project is done and you want to build the FINAL version you would give to normal users
then change to the directory of the repo and run:

```
npm run deploy
```

This builds the 'dist/bundle.js' file differently so that its size is minimized and the code is
further optimized. This is not required for your class submissions but you should know it exists.

## Credits
This code base was largely inspired by:

* https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect 3d base instead of 2d.

README.md, after:

# UW Stout CS 343 3D Project Base
#### A codebase for building the projects assigned in CS 343, Mathematical Foundations of Computer Graphics, at the University of Wisconsin Stout.

## Features
- ESLINT with JavaScript Standard Style configuration (updated to warnings instead of errors)
- Latest generation of JavaScript "transpiled" to browser JS (ES5) (via [Babel](https://babeljs.io))
- Browsers synchronize and hot-reload as you make changes (via [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io))
- Module JavaScript that is re-targeted to a web browser env (via [webpack](https://webpack.js.org))
- Packaging and loading of Bootstrap, jQuery, & Three.js (via [webpack](https://webpack.js.org))
- Pre-configured 'deploy' target to minify and uglify your JavaScript

# Setup
The basic steps for utilizing this repository:

## 1. Clone the repo and pick a Tag:

Navigate into your workspace directory and clone the repo with git:

```
git clone https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack.git .
```

Switch to the tag that matches the project you want to work on:

```
git checkout <tagname>
```

See the [github website](https://github.com/UWStout/gfx-2d-base/tags) for lists of accepted tagnames.

## 2. Install node.js and npm:

Download and run the LTS version available from https://nodejs.org/en/

## 3. Install dependencies:

Navigate to the repo directory and run:

```
npm install
```

If this is not the first time you have run 'npm install' or if you have just switched
tags, it is a good idea to remove the previously installed dependencies first:

```
rm -rf node_modules/
```

Note, yarn is also supported.

# Working on the Code

While working on the project, you should first run the development server.  Change to
the code repo directory and run:

```
npm run dev
```

This will compile the JavaScript files and package them into 'dist/bundle.js'. It will
also run a local web server on port 3000. Lastly, it opens 'localhost:3000' in your
default web browser.

You can open and edit the files in the project base in your favorite text/code editor
(Atom is recommended) and the changes will be automatically reflected in the browser.
If you accidentally close the browser or if you want to open it in a different browser
or have multiple versions open at once, just type 'localhost:3000' into the browser
address bar to talk to the local server.

# Keeping the Browser in Sync

A program called browsersync is used to automatically sense the changes you make and
hot-load them into your running browser or automatically reload the browser.  However,
there are some changes that will cause the browser to get out of sync:

* If you have the developer console open in the browser then it may not refresh automatically.  Just refresh manually when this happens.
* If there is an error in your JavaScript that causes the browser to halt it may not automatically refresh until you fix the code and do a manual refresh.
* If you make changes to HTML or CSS code it will NOT automatically refresh, only JS code.
* If the 'dev' server is not running (e.g. you forgot to run 'npm run dev') it will not refresh.

## Build for deployment:

When you project is done and you want to build the FINAL version you would give to normal users
then change to the directory of the repo and run:

```
npm run deploy
```

This builds the 'dist/bundle.js' file differently so that its size is minimized and the code is
further optimized. This is not required for your class submissions but you should know it exists.

## Credits
This code base was largely inspired by:

* https://github.com/lean/phaser-es6-webpack
